Over the last number of years, we have
automated away 4 million manufacturing
jobs. And unfortunately, I'm here to say
things are going to get much, much
worse.
>> Why did you decide to run for president?
>> I've been trying to alleviate poverty,
which I see as the most addressable
major problem that we have.
I have a lot of friends in Silicon
Valley and I went to them and it was
like, "Guys, is it just me? Are we going
to eliminate millions and millions of
American jobs and the response I got in
private was like, "Oh yeah, what we did
to the manufacturing workers, we're
about to do to retail workers, fast food
workers, truck drivers, and on and on
through the economy." AI does not
discriminate between the hardworking,
conscientious truck driver or the drunk
one. Like, it's going to get you either
way. And so the question is what is the
path for those people? We have to make
America as optimistic about the future
and they feel like they're included in
it. If you don't do that, then you wind
up with a very angry 80% that eventually
gets the pitchforks out.
>> Andrew Yang, thank you so much for
coming on the iced coffee hour.
>> Yes, I'm here.
>> This
>> Don't get Don't drink that coffee every
day.
>> This is so You have no idea. This is so
exciting for me to do. I've been looking
forward to this for, you know, months
now at this point to try to get you on.
>> You made some extremely bold statements
back on Joe Rogan's podcast, predicting
the future, and I recently looked back
at it and everything you had said came
true. How were you able to see these
things before they came true?
>> I've got a crystal ball, uh, my
Yangstradamus crystal ball. Um I I have
a lot of friends in Silicon Valley and I
went to them in 2018 2019 and was like
guys uh is it just me or are we going to
eliminate millions and millions of
American jobs? And the response I got in
private was like oh yeah like that's
definitely happening. And then I said
are you willing to say that to the
press? And like why would I say that to
the press? Because all it's going to do
is get me a spotlight I don't want. Um,
but
the folks who are conscientious were
like, "Someone should do something about
this." Uh, and I even said to them, it's
like, "Someone should run for president
on AI, fourth industrial revolution,
universal basic income." And they would
say, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, someone should."
And and then I asked, "Do any of you
want to do that?" And they said, "Hell
no." And then I said, "Okay, I'll do it.
You guys should donate to my campaign,
though." And they said, "How much?" And
then I said the max at that time was
only like 2,900 or something. So they So
the better ones said, "Sure." Um, but
that was the genesis um of both the
campaign and my certainty that AI was
going to eradicate a lot of American
jobs.
>> In which ways would you say you were
most right?
>> I feel pretty good about
98% of the case I laid out. The part I
got wrong maybe in terms of emphasis was
the sequencing where I did not talk
about in 2019.
Hey, we're going to eliminate all these
entry- level white collar jobs and
recent college grads grads aren't going
to be able to get consulting jobs or
whatever. Now, um that would probably
have been a pretty uh lousy, unappealing
political argument anyway cuz like no
one cares about that population. And I
would argue that they should cuz
everyone's a person and everyone has
professional aspirations. And if you end
up uh let's say loading up a young
person with tens of thousands of uh
school loans and then they don't don't
find a job um that's really really bad
um for the individual and also for the
economy and for society. But I was
talking more about uh trucking jobs,
call center jobs, bluecollar jobs when
maybe I could have been talking more
about white collar work. And so what's a
career today that people think is safe
but that you think is going to be
replaced entirely?
>> I the first thing that jumped into to my
mind when you said that uh was lawyer.
Um law school applications last I
checked went up 21% last year. Uh and I
would suggest that was um a flight to
safety and that stuff's not safe at all.
Uh law lawyering is highly structured.
It's very processoriented. It's kind of
the ideal environment for AI. And I have
friends who are partners in law firms
who say, "Look, I'm giving AI work that
would have taken a second or third year
associate a week to complete. It gives
it back to me in 20 minutes. So why on
earth would I hire a small army of these
associates uh when you know like I can
frankly keep the billables and the
revenue and then go to my client and
say, "Hey, great news. I got this done
more cheaply."
And then you had the savings because
when you are a first year um law firm
associate, which I was back in the
um early 2000s, you're a cost center for
the the first two years of your career.
Um where the law firm is kind of eating
cost to train you up and the incentive
to do that is going to be non-existent
for most of the big firms. I hate to say
it, we run or at least I run a lot of
the contracts through Gemini, Chachu and
Grock, and it's surprisingly accurate. I
still have a person reviewing everything
who's a proper lawyer who could give me
the the guidance, but so far the
guidance that the AI gives me is almost
the same as the actual lawyer who I'm
spending like $300 to $400 an hour for.
>> And it's slower with a lawyer. Like with
Chad GBT, you could literally just
upload a PDF and then immediately gets
you back whatever you need to know.
>> Yeah. And it's just like, what am I
missing? Is this good? Is this bad? And
it's called out so many red flags that
I've later addressed and fixed for free.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Law and accounting are two
domains that are very very rules-based
and really ideal for AI. Now, I'm with
you. I also have a human lawyer. Um, but
the what what happens is that you have
relatively experienced attorneys who
we're going to keep on using. Um, but
the folks who are coming up now out of
school are never going to get the
training to become that person that you
trust and that I trust to review AI's
work. Um, so you're you're going to have
a real chasm for
law school graduates and college
graduates uh starting essentially last
year.
>> Which jobs should young people pursue
because they will be unaffected by AI?
>> The jobs that are going to be
unaffected. So writ large 44% of
American jobs are either repetitive
cognitive or repetitive manual. And
those are the jobs you should uh try and
steer clear of because those are the
jobs that AI is going to decimate. Um so
non-repetitive manual jobs um are still
jobs that most people who are listening
to this don't want. And the example I
use is cleaning a hotel room. You're
probably going to have humans cleaning
hotel rooms for quite some time because
having a robot recognize like a wine
stain on the pillow or whatnot and then
being able to manipulate all the
odd-sized objects in hotel rooms a pain
in the ass and the human is really
inexpensive. Um, so you're going to have
humans do those jobs for a long time. So
if I say, "Hey, you should become a
hotel cleaner." I mean, no one's going
to take that advice,
which, you know, I mean, that there are
a bunch of jobs that resemble that that
are persistent. Another one's a HVAC
repair. Uh, it's very, very hard to get
a robot show up to a structure and
figure out what's wrong with the air
conditioning unit. That's going to be a
human. Uh, electrician, human for quite
some time, though. Eventually, if you
had a modern uh building, then it would
become self monitoring and the rest of
it, but you have a lot of old structures
and a shortage of uh that kind of work.
So, if you're handy, that stuff is a
good idea. Uh the other stuff is
non-repetitive cognitive, which you guys
do, I do on a good day.
So, so this is entrepreneurial,
creative, um bossing the AI around. Um
the issue is that we all like you all I
mean you you have very successful uh
media properties. Uh you've generated a
ton of value through real estate like
you know people tune in for your advice
and congratulations
>> to both of you for improving people's
lives in this way. I'm very passionate
about people's financial literacy and
you guys are practitioners um which is
to me awesome. Uh the question for
someone again who's like 22 or 24 is
like how do they get enough money
together to have or audience uh to be
able to uh live that kind of um create
creative or enterprising or
entrepreneurial journey. Um but that
stuff's still going to be there. I mean
there are a lot of inefficiencies still.
Um so those are some of the more
resilient jobs. If you look at a
Microsoft report that came out a few
months ago, uh this the the resilient
stuff is like like sledge operators or
you know uh people who have to change
out the flooring or something like very
gritty stuff that's very physical. Um
the other jobs are jobs that interface
with people all the time. Um so a
teacher asked me, "Hey, do I need to
worry about my job?" And I was like,
"Teaching will be the last thing to go.
We're not going to replace the teacher
with like a screen and a
>> really I don't
>> why do we even need teaching? Like
there's no point. I learned so much more
and I can learn if I apply myself with
ChadBubt to ask questions and learn. I
can learn probably 10 times faster than
in a classroom.
People upload these entire master
classes on Twitter and they spend hours
just going over one specific thing that
you could learn. You just got to watch
the video.
>> All right. So, the person who was asking
me this question, this was on an NPR
program that I was on a few weeks ago.
It was like an eighth grade teacher, and
the eighth grade social studies teacher
said, "Is my job safe?" And I was like,
"Your job is safe uh in so far as your
uh community has budget for you and that
there are still still kids. So, our
birth rates going down, uh the number of
kids showing up is uh is diminishing.
And so eventually these um teachers
unions and whatnot are going to be under
downward pressure because you know it's
just demographics. Um but in terms of
right now um that school administrator
or principal looking around that school
and saying you know what you eighth
grade social studies teacher I'm going
to replace you with like that's just not
going to happen because the incentives
are not there for that uh individual
administrator. Uh and there is a union
in this case. So, some of the most um
secure jobs are going to be unionized
jobs. Now, that applies to about 10% of
American workers, but you're going to
see a real flight to to safety in that
way. Like the law school degree is not
the flight to safety.
The flight to safety is, hey, is there
going to be a union who demands that
like for example, you know, a human
radiologist needs to review this film
and that it can't be AI? Um there
there's going to be a lot of lobbying
for uh persistent jobs.
>> And how far do you think this should be
allowed to go? Like can you see AI
replacing people in courts or coming up
with policy decisions? Because I could
see a point uh you know at some level in
the future where you go to court and
it's just like this AI little beacon
that you just you say your case to it
and it processes and green or red. Red
is jail.
spits out a decision.
>> It could be using John Cena's face or it
could be using someone like very trust
who would be like the arbiter of
American justice
>> just something but but like I know with
with legal contracts it's just like I
could tell when the other side is using
chat GBT back to me and then I'm putting
that in chat GBT. So it's just chat GBT
negotiating against itself. You know
what's funny is that reminds me of the
the dating apps is that dating apps
learn your behaviors and then so over
time you could have AI to AI chatting
and then they could determine your
compatibility.
>> We came up with this idea a while ago.
It's called the perfect match. But when
AI has enough information about you and
your preferences, it can match you with
anybody in the world who it believes is
your best match. Cuz statistically
there's one person in the world who's
the best match from everybody. Well,
they they could essentially have two
folks simulating each other and then
they could play out years of
relationship. True.
>> You know what I mean?
>> Yeah. For just for marriage, for
business partnerships.
>> Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of me out
there. So, AI simulating me. Like, I've
seen it. It's pretty eerie. It's pretty
good. The first time when I was running
for president and they said, "Look, we
want to write an email in your voice." I
was like, you know, you can't do that.
And then they did it and I was like,
"Oh, it's actually pretty good."
And this is even this wasn't even a AI
at the time and then AI came along and
then um you know the Andrew Yang
simulations are are not half bad. Um so
you're hitting uh something I think is
very very important Graham which is uh
disability decisions for example there
are hundreds of thousands of them each
uh year and you could have AI determine
who's being um frankly like uh who who's
showing flags for fraud who who's honest
like you could do a lot of stuff uh and
that would be much more efficient on the
part of the government. Um the problem
right now is that uh the government has
no incentive to replace itself with AI
because that would decimate their own
jobs. Uh there there's no lobby for
either um better decisions or better
government efficiency. Um and so there
there are all of these inefficiencies.
The healthcare sector is going to be
very similar. Highly unionized
environment. Uh a lot of that money is
public money. But if you go to one of
these hospital environments, let's say,
and I use radiology as an example, let's
say AI could hypothetically do a better
job than human radiologists, which
arguably it could today. Um, what's
happening is the uh the medical lobby's
like, hey, it's all well and good, but
you need a human being to review the
film at the end, which then sounds
reasonable to everyone. And so there's
going to be legislation being like,
needs to be a human at the end. No,
that's a job preservation move. Um, and
there are going to be tons of those
sorts of moves. Uh, even if AI could
theoretically do the job, this is goes
back to the teaching example. Say, hey,
AI could teach that group of students.
As a parent myself, I know that a lot of
the stuff that a teacher does is
actually behavior management and
regulation. Then AI would have a lot of
um, difficulty with just keeping
13-year-old from running out of the room
and stuff like that. Like if you had
the screen, like you'd have chaos. And
so you you you kind of need the human.
Um but it's around organizational
incentives. It's one reason why I made
the predictions I made is that if I'm a
uh like a corporation and I have 2,000
call center workers, it is 100% in my
interest to automate those customer
service uh workers. I'm going to save
money and they're non-unized. So if I
made a prediction, I'm like, "Look, that
stuff's going to go by like that." But
then you put me in a hospital or a
school, I say, "Wait a minute, there are
all these political pressures." And the
incentive for this organization to
actually deliver things cost efficiently
is really low. It's one reason why
everyone's frustrated with aspects of
government. It's like if I were to say
to you, I could deliver disability
decisions at a tiny fraction of the
cost, which is probably true by the way,
the government would be like, "Well,
whoopdedy damn do." Like like what am I
going to do? Like fire all my employees
who are all unionized and are there. um
like I don't care if you can do a better
job with the decisions. I don't care if
you can save me money. Like we're just
going to do it this way. Um and you can
go throughout um the public sector and
find examples of that.
>> But that sounds very doomer mentality
for the viewer there. On the flip side,
if they're listening to this and just
feeling completely helpless when it
comes to AI and how they're going to
lose their jobs, lose their
significance, not make any decisions for
themselves, what's the best way someone
can leverage today's AI landscape for
their own advantage? Now, honestly, with
all that goes on in day-to-day life,
nutrition can often be one of the
hardest things to prioritize. Whether
you're stopping for fast food or
microwaving your favorite frozen meal,
poor eating habits tends to lead to a
whole bunch of negative side effects.
That's exactly why we are so excited to
be partnering with Hule. Hule eliminates
the hassle of cooking without
sacrificing your health or your bank
account. For those unaware, Hule is
complete balanced nutrition in two
forms. The Ready to Drink is a full meal
that you could grab and go, and the
Black Edition powder gives you a quick
option that you could make at home
without any of the hassle of cooking.
The Ready to Drink is the most
convenient option. It's a complete meal
with 35 g of protein, and 27 essential
vitamins and minerals. It's gluten-free,
contains no artificial sweeteners,
colors, or flavors, and requires zero
prep while still being filling. It's
also under $5 a meal, which makes it a
practical alternative to many quick
breakfast or lunch options. The Black
Edition powder works super well for days
at home or when you want something just
more customizable. It has 40 grams of
protein per serving, mixes extremely
easily. It can be blended with
ingredients like fruit or milk depending
on your preference. Having both options
helps keep routines consistent. You got
the powder for more flexible or
customized meals, and they're ready to
drink for busier days. Honestly, it's
just a super simple way of staying on
track with protein and overall nutrition
without needing to plan every single
meal. I kid you not. Every single
morning I go for a walk, I drink my
Hule. Every single morning without fail,
I get in protein, vitamins, minerals, it
tastes great, and I feel amazing. Now,
if you want to try it for yourself, you
can get 15% off at hule by using our
code iced5 at hule.com/ic15.
This offer is for new customers. Thanks
again to Hule for partnering with us and
supporting our episode. What's the best
way someone can leverage today's AI
landscape for their own advantage? I
think you guys are an example of it
again. Now, if you were to say to
someone watching this like, you know,
would I trade places with the two of you
that they, you know, 99% of them, I'm
sure, would like that. Same with me. The
people who who hang who follow me, I
think, are hoping that, you know, like
I'll help them um in inform their
futures. Uh what you want to do is the
the simplest way to think about what's
happening, and you've actually written
about this, Graham, um where you have
this K-shaped economy. Yeah. So you have
the top 20% are then taking off to the
right and that crew is going to be the
crew that leverages AI in various ways.
um whether that's through their media
and getting a following whether it's
through a business um whether it's
through real estate investment or
anything else like if you can use the
tools the three things I think of it's
AI it's money it's attention uh and if
you have a combination of those three
things then you can become superowered
if you're absent any all of or absent
all of those things and it's like a real
struggle. Now, when you ask what someone
should be doing, uh to me, they need to
try to uh adopt many of the financial
principles you guys talk about to try
and put enough money together so that
they wind up one of the beneficiaries uh
of the AI wave.
>> So, if we're going to break that down,
you said money. How much money do you
need?
>> Well, you I mean, you you know, you know
what it takes to be in the top 20% of
Americans. Um so, that should be the
goal. Now, that that may or may not be
realistic, but at every life stage, you
can try and position yourself in that
direction. It's one reason why I think
you guys do what you do and I do what I
do. Um, and I I'm sure we because we
have a lot of time to talk, but like I I
can talk about um what I'm doing right
now with Noble Mobile, which I think
will save people, you know, $500 to
$1,000 a year, which then if you
extrapolate that over
>> compound interest.
Yeah. But what do you think about Elon
Musk's statement that money is not going
to matter because we're going to become
so efficient at things that you're not
going to need money in the future?
>> So, uh, I if you look at the top line,
Elon may be correct. The issue is how
all of this value gets transferred to
the people who are watching this at
home, uh, to the former Uber driver, to
the former customer service worker, to
the 22-year-old who's coming out of
college and is like, "Hey, no one wants
to hire me." like how does that person
enjoy the bounty? And to me, the logical
way that that person enjoys the bounty
is some sort of public policy. Um, now
there there are issues with different um
methods. When I ran for president, I
said, "Look, let's just give everyone
a,000 bucks a month, no questions asked.
Call it a day." I mean, not even call it
a day. It's like, you make that a
starting point. Uh and in my mind um all
of the things that work uh provides
around
um community, training, structure,
purpose, fulfillment, that is not
replaced by a,000 bucks or whatnot. You
know what I mean? Like the thousand
bucks is enough so you can u make ends
meet. Actually now it would probably be
higher because uh 1,000 bucks is what it
2,000 a month.
>> It probably would be 2,000 a month.
Wait, so explain the $1,000 a month for
skeptics who just think it's free money.
>> My argument uh is that capitalism
functions best when people can actually
participate in the consumer marketplace.
And so this is capitalism where income
doesn't start at zero. I came up with
$1,000 a month uh one because it was
simple and at that time the poverty
level was maybe um $17,000 ahead. And so
it's like look, we get you like
twothirds of the way there. Um something
along those lines. cuz I also did the
math and thought $1,000 a month was
feasible given uh the budget of the
government, the size of the economy,
like a bunch of other things. Uh so
Elon's argument is look uh AI is going
to create trillions of dollars of
commercial value, which it surely will.
>> Um now again, what I would like to
suggest to folks is like right now who's
going to get those trillions of dollars?
it's acrewing to the stock value of
OpenAI and Alphabet uh and Nvidia and
the other major players.
>> And so there's like a narrow band of
Americans who might be shareholders uh
in those companies who right now are
seeing their stock portfolios go up and
up and up.
>> Um but that does not describe the
22-year-old or the former customer
service uh representative or or all
those people. So what I was saying is
like look, let's take some of the bounty
from AI and transfer it quickly and
broadly to the general public in a way
that doesn't differentiate, doesn't
stigmatize, doesn't means tests. Like
look, we're we're transitioning from
scarcity to abundance. And we need to
make people feel included as quickly as
possible because if you don't do that
then you wind up with a very angry 80%
that eventually gets the pitchforks out
um and gets really really angry at
whoever the winners are in the new
world.
>> Seems like that's already happening
though. It seems like right now wealth
is considered bad.
>> Yeah. And it makes me super sad. Um so
my parents immigrated to this country.
I'm the the child of Taiwanese
immigrants and uh they believed that you
know America was the land of opportunity
and it's the American dream and they
came here for a better future for me and
my brother and it worked. Um and so I
thought you know America is awesome. We
can just uh roll up our sleeves and work
hard and like make a good life. Um, and
now people feel like the system's rigged
in a way that, um, uh, stigmatizes folks
who have made a lot of money. And that
makes me very, very sad. Um, because if
you don't think you have a shot, don't
think the system's fair, um, then it uh,
it takes the American dream and makes it
seem out of reach for most people. And
I'm a numbers guy, so I get it. I mean,
if the average age of a home buyer is uh
what is it now?
>> I hear different statistics now. I
thought it was like home buyers over the
age of 70 outnumber those at 35.
>> Yeah. And like I I saw like the average
age of a first-time home buyer was like
way too old to make sense. It might have
been like 42 or something. You're like,
"Well, that's not cool."
>> Um and so if a young person looks up and
says, "You know what?
>> American dream is It's out of
reach for me. Like I can work hard. I
cannot work hard. It doesn't make a
difference." Like that is super
um the opposite of what you want. Like
you want an environment where someone's
like look if I kick ass and work hard uh
and adopt um you know sound financial
principles in my own life. Like you know
I can make it whatever making it means
um for most Americans making it probably
involves owning a home. Um which you
know it's like I know you guys might
have different advice on that. I was a
renter for a long time, so I was like
cool with that.
>> I was living in New York and I guess
that's,
>> you know, pretty standard.
>> I mean, that's a whole different vein
that I'm sure Graham would love to go
down. But first, I'm curious to how much
of that is mentality versus actual
reality? Because the way I see it is
there's more opportunity right now than
there's ever been in American history.
But more people feel like the odds are
stacked against them now than they ever
did in American history. So, it makes me
wonder like what is the reality? the way
I see it and from all of the people I
talk to, everyone's saying it is as easy
as it's ever been to get rich.
>> You know, again, I I look at the numbers
uh and
if you were born in the ' 60s or 70s,
the odds of you doing better than your
parents were, you know, like 80%. I
think it was like 94% if you were born
in the 60s. I mean, skyhigh. And then
you start getting into the '9s and then
it gets to 50% and then starts going
below. So statistically the odds of a
kid doing better than their parents are
are now sub 50%. In a way that was not
true when I was growing up. Um so uh in
my mind you should have an attitude like
look you could give me any% and I'm
going to make it. Like you tell me the
top you know 30% going to make it make
it make it make it make it make it make
it make it make it make it I'll be in
the top 30%. You tell me it's 20 I'll be
in the top 20. you know, because there's
no upside to putting yourself in like
the bucket where you're not going to
make it or the deck is stacked against
you. I mean, that that that stuff is
>> um it's not uh helpful, you know? You
know, you just want to I mean, um one of
the things uh that I took to heart when
I was younger, it's like look, if you
believe you can succeed or you believe
you can fail, you're probably right.
>> That's 100% true. 100% true. It seems
like from my perspective though, anyone
can make it, but it seems like the
people who do have a smaller chance of
making it, but when they do, they can
make way more money.
>> Well, that that's the truth. I mean,
shoot, we might wind up with the first
trillionaire in human history. Uh,
>> I think Elon Musk has so many incentives
to hit the 1 trillion net worth.
>> Yeah, which is a crazy number that you
would have thought. I mean, heck, a
billionaire seemed like a crazy number
not that long ago. And then now you
might have have um it's probably Elon or
Jeff Bezos would be the two candidates
for it. So you have these extreme
outcomes. By the way, in my mind, this
is a real problem for young people
adopting sound financial principles
because you look at it and you say,
"Okay, I need like a higher variance
strategy in order to get into the winner
circle." And so then you start seeing
more aggressive behaviors and more
speculative behaviors because it's like
if I make
>> 12% like I'm not going to pat myself in
the back. I got I got to roll the dice
for something higher. Um whereas you
know for me it's like you made 12% like
>> well that's why young people are taking
significantly more risk because they see
it as their only viable option out of
just mediocrity or that middle and they
feel like they have to take extreme risk
to get to the top.
>> And that's it's a narrative. It's not
reality. Like technically speaking in
the middle is way more comfortable than
it was to be in the middle 50 years ago.
>> Yeah. I I think you're right that what
is it? Uh comparison is the death of joy
or something like that. Your thief of
joy. You have you have uh
>> social media obviously bombarding you
with images of what success um looks
like.
>> And then you have people advertising
their outsized winnings all the time,
whether it's uh crypto or some
investment or even some sports bet I
made.
You know, like I mean like that sounds
pervasive. I mean, it it makes me sad
and a little bit angry that I can't
watch ESPN or any of the sports programs
without someone telling me how to bet.
And I'm just like, come on, man. I mean,
like, and by the way, the numbers show
that
>> uh when you legalize online sports
betting in a state,
um in like uh investment behaviors go
down because when I gamble, I actually
invest and save less. And also, this is
going to be super depressing, but
domestic violence goes up by I think
it's um 12%, 15%, something along those
lines. And we all know what that chain
of events was, which is that someone
made a bet on a game or a parlay or
something and then it doesn't go right
and then they get super mad. Um, so you
you can tell that there are negative um
macro effects um from the legalization
of online sports betting, but then if I
go on social media or turn on ESPN uh
like I just see it's like oh shoot like
you know DraftKings, FanDuel and the
rest of it. Um so there are all these
forces that I think are pushing higher
variance. What's interesting is that uh
we have a mastermind group called the
index and we meet every quarter and we
met a few days ago and we were talking
about why certain items are going up in
price so much. I'm talking like Rolexes,
Pokemon cards, certain cars and one of
the theories was that because young
people are not buying houses and they
feel like certain things are out of
reach like buying a house, something
price less is more attainable. And that
might be buying a Rolex, spending the
money on a car instead because for them
a house isn't even an option. But they
could get that brand new Corvette or
they could buy that $15,000 Rolex and
for them that's the new signal of
success than buying a house.
>> Yeah. I generally think that um most
people are rational and when they're
doing things that seem aggressive or
irrational um I try and figure out why
they're doing it. uh and um and I think
um there's actually some hidden
rationality in the risk-seeking
behaviors because the conventional u
method um maybe they don't believe in it
anymore or the timing doesn't work out
for them and so they do things that uh
you know like I wouldn't have done when
I was their age but then when I look at
it um because when I was coming up too
so I don't know how much about my
background you guys know but uh I
uh sold a company when I was in my um
early to mid-30s and and made seven
figures. And so at that point I was
like, "Oh my gosh, I'm like a 34 year
old millionaire. I can do no wrong."
>> And then um decided to become a bit of a
dogoodter. Um started an
entrepreneurship organization. It's one
reason why I love what you guys do in
terms of trying to help
>> um people live better financial lives.
Uh I became convinced that
entrepreneurship was what was going to
get America um out of its mess. But um I
I so my income might have been like you
know low middle low middle low like high
like zero like it like my income varied
wildly
from year to year. So I I always acted
like whatever money I was making might
disappear tomorrow. Um, and uh, I should
be swinging for uh, significant wins as
opposed to um, you know, like worrying
about um, this expense or that expense.
So, it's kind of easy come easy go. Um,
I you guys read Nate Silver?
>> Mm-m. No,
>> you you'd like him. Um so he he wrote a
book called On the Edge um about
risk-taking and he talked about people
who gotten lucky, gamblers who got lucky
and then they sort of gamble assuming
they're they're going to be fortunate.
Um you guys are an example of this in my
opinion where there's this um experience
of abundance where like you have a bet
then it works out and you have a bet it
works out and you invest in the business
it grows you like do this the audience
get gets bigger you know just keep on
growing. Um for you it probably started
out with um real estate sales.
>> It did.
>> Yeah. And then you know the first thing
you sold maybe was like you know x00,000
and then like eventually got to a
million. The first million sale you were
like oh crazy.
>> Yeah. My first sale was $3,550.
>> Well I guess maybe your first thing was
crazy. Yeah. That's that's that's way
high. Yeah.
>> So, um so you wind up
taking um these bets and these risks
because enough of them have worked out
where then you can just keep on
progressing. Uh and um that that's a
very different set of behaviors than um
a lot of folks who are hoping for you
know a 4% raise from year to year and
like are are just trying to put a little
bit of money away. So what Nate
differentiates uh between is the the
river which is what I'm describing. It's
entrepreneurs, investors, financeers,
also gamblers.
And then there's the village which is uh
I'm a teacher. I'm a I work for the
government. Um you know
um postal worker like where it's like a
stable environment and I might make a
smidgen more next year than I do. and
and um he said that these two groups are
kind of at odds with each other
culturally and increasingly politically.
Um anyway, so uh I realized from reading
Nate's book, it's like, oh my gosh, I'm
like a river person because I took a bet
on my business doing well in my early
30s and then when it did do well, then
all of a sudden, you know, you get this
windfall that um most people will never
experience.
Then it makes you think, "Wow, if I
could do that, like I can I can do lots
of other things."
>> Now, picture this. You just wrapped up a
very important client meeting, but then
you can't quite remember what was said
at the very end. Does that sound
familiar? In today's world, we're
expected to remember thousands of pieces
of information, which quite honestly
could be impossible. That's exactly why
we are so excited to partner with
Plaude. From important investor calls to
client meetings, Plaude is here to help
you remember everything. Yes, even that
trillion dollar business idea that you
forgot. For those unaware, Plot is a
dedicated AI note-taking device that
with the push of a button records your
conversations and gives you digestible
information in the Plot app. On top of
this, Plaude gives you a searchable
database, helping you find specific
points from meetings that you had months
ago. Unlike other AI productivity tools
that are clunky, slow, and let's face
it, not productive. Plaude is smart,
fast, and portable. Being the size of a
credit card means that you could take
Plaude anywhere. Think of it like having
a dedicated note-taking assistant
following you around 24/7. And Plaude
won't complain to HR. So, if you're done
forgetting and ready to start scaling,
Plaude is perfect for you. So, stop
leaving money on the table because the
details fell through the cracks. If you
want to try Plaude for yourself, you can
get 10% off of all Plaude devices by
using our code at plaud.ai.
Thank you again to Plaude for sponsoring
this episode. So, do you think getting
$1,000 a month for people would give
them enough encouragement that they
could start those businesses? And how do
you ensure they just don't waste the
money or that it causes inflation or
that they spend it on drugs or let's
just say alcohol or things like this?
Yeah. So, again, I'm a numbers guy and
when you put money into people's hands
in various environments, uh, and so
there there was like a Native American
tribe that had a natural experiment
because they had a casino and some
families got money and then some
families didn't. And so then you look to
see what happened to the families that
got money. Uh and you had very very uh
low rates of um well so what did they
spend the money on? It was food and um
education and
uh like uh
in some cases socking away for the
future. Um, but the most positive things
you could identify were that families in
the that got the money, their kids grow
up with much higher levels of two
traits, conscientiousness and
agreeableness. And so those traits map
to if I do the right thing at home,
something good happens. Um, if you're in
a home environment where doing something
good bad doesn't really matter to your
outcome, you know, like you don't get
rewarded, your allowance doesn't go up,
your parent doesn't say good job or
whatever, then so conscientiousness and
agreeableness correspond to success in
life. Um, they they correspond to
successful marriages. They correspond to
being a decent worker. You show up and
like you actually expect to have to to
do the work. And if you don't do the
work, then you know then there'll be
consequences. Um so studies have have
consistently shown that's the kind of
thing that the money enables. Um would
more people start businesses if everyone
had a,000 bucks a month? Of course in in
part because you just have more middle
classish customers uh to be able to
cater to. Right now businesses are
bifurcating where you have the K-shaped
economy and it's like look if I cater to
the top 20% um I could have a good
business and then if I cater to like the
you know the bottom um whatever 50%
maybe I can have a good business. I want
to share an example and this might be
very specific but I have some friends of
extended family in Canada and they
practically live off the welfare system
there and they don't work and they hang
out all day. They smoke weed, they play
video games, they get drunk and I've
talked to them about this before like,
"Hey, why don't you work?" "Oh, because
if I work I lose these benefits or if I
make a certain amount I don't get all
this free stuff. So, it's actually
better for me not to work and just live
off this. It was probably like 1,300 a
month of like what they were getting,
but that was plenty for like a rural
part of Canada. How do you prevent that
not from happening here? Or do you just
accept that some people will fall into
that and that's okay because at least
they're happy. They're staying to
themselves. They're not hurting anybody.
Let them be.
>> I would say two things. Um the first is
that um you should not have a system
that ever discourages someone from going
out, kicking ass, baking money. And
right now you do have that system in the
US. Sounds like in Canada
where um when I was running for
president, a woman came to me in Iowa
and said, "Hey, I'm disabled. Uh I want
to volunteer in my community, but I'm
afraid to because I'm afraid that I'm
going to lose my disability benefits as
a result." Uh there are millions of
Americans who are in some kind of
situation like that where if I make a
certain amount of money, you'll take the
benefits away. If I show that I'm
able-bodied, you'll take the benefits
away. I'm going to suggest that that is
terrible and messed up and that woman
should be able to go have a bake sale or
whatever the heck and not be concerned
we're going to take money away.
>> So that that's why you need uh a less
negative um incentive structure. like
what I was um campaigning on the freedom
dividend was like look I'm going to give
you a thousand bucks you make more money
sure you know like I'm I'm not it's like
like I don't want to punish you for
being successful and right now a lot of
the way government programs are designed
do have this perverse incentive where if
you do better you get less um if you if
I give this to you into the second point
so if I give this to you I personally
Andrew Yang would love it if you went
out there and used it to start a
business and kick some ass and like you
know you don't just chill out at home
playing video games all day. But um I
think that is up to you. Uh you know my
hope is that you'll want to get a
girlfriend and you know like do good
things and most girls aren't that into
it if if you're at home in the basement
playing video games all day. Um, I tell
tell, by the way, I have a 13-year-old
and a 10-year-old and I tell them all
the time like, "This is not a path to,
you know, getting girls." That one of
them will be like, "What if I beat a
girl who just loves playing video games
all day?" I was like, "Yeah, good luck
with that." Like, that's unlikely. Um so
uh part of it is that
we've all contributed to the development
of AI in some minute fashion where the
um the data that's getting sold and
resold every year if you had to put a
dollar value on it even um putting aside
the the value of AI the direct market
value of the data that gets sold and
resold in America every year is in the
hundreds of billions of dollars a year
and that most Americans don't see a dime
of that obviously. because it's just,
you know, getting siphoned off the top.
Then if you include AI, then you could
ratchet that value up significantly if
you play out the value of AI over time.
And so that person in rural um North
Dakota or whatnot,
>> Canada.
>> Yeah, Canada. I was picking American but
>> like and that's why um I called it the
freedom dividend is like look this is
your dividend from all the awesome
progress that we're making here in the
states and I would like you to do
certain things but hey it's yours like
one of one of the comparisons I made was
that most major companies let's say
Microsoft um they pay a dividend every 3
months to their shareholders you guys
because you're experienced investors
actually enjoy the dividending income
that that various companies send you.
And not once has one of those companies
turned to you and been like, "Hey, I
really hope you don't use that money uh
to like get a hot tub
>> or whatever." Like, you know, you're a
shareholder, you get the money, like get
yourself a hot tub, do whatever. I mean
like I I what I was trying to say was
that we should apply that kind of
ownership model to our data to being an
American um societywide.
>> Sure. But isn't wealth technically only
significant due to how wealth is
relative? Like for example, it's all
about buying power. If you have more
wealth, you technically only have more
buying power because you have more
wealth than those beneath you that have
less wealth. Not beneath, but like So,
if you give if you give everyone $1,000,
then doesn't no one have $1,000
effectively? Like, how are you going to
ensure that that doesn't just cause
massive inflation and then everything
just goes up 10 15%. Why would a
landlord not just charge more money if
he knows his tenants getting an extra
thousand? So that this is um this is uh
an in-depth conversation that I I enjoy
um where if you look at uh inflation in
American life, it tends to be centered
uh in a few sectors. Um and those
sectors are you probably can guess them
all. Um housing,
education, healthcare, and you use
landlords for a reason. And then you
have things like clothing, media,
electronics like that are getting
cheaper in some cases or the same. And
and so when you start digging in, you
think, okay, why is it that um insurance
is always more expensive? Like no one
listening to this has ever gotten a note
from their insurance company being like,
great news, your insurance policy is
less this year. It's one reason why like
health care is is eating the economy is
because the entire business model is
like, I'm going to charge you more this
year. I'm going to charge you more. I'm
going to charge you more and and then
you know makes employers be like, "Oh
shoot, if I give you healthcare, it's
going to end up breaking breaking my
back in various ways." So you have
certain parts of the economy that are
allowed to ratchet up prices all the
time because you're captive. You have no
choice. Uh colleges have been like that
for a long time. Um because it wasn't
the family necessarily paying out of
pocket. It was that you had this giant
government program. It's like look, I'm
going to put this money out and then I'm
also going to convince you that whatever
you pay, this is good debt. you you can
pay what whatever for this college
degree and it's going to work out.
Obviously that is now um being
questioned rightfully. Uh and so the
things you'd have to separate really
it's like look if I put money into your
hands certain things certain sellers are
going to be like you have more money let
me try and ratchet up the price but then
there are other um other industries
where it's still super competitive where
um if you know like the cost of
McNuggets for example might not shoot up
by thousand bucks because it's like a
highly competitive marketplace and so
what you'd want to do is you'd want to
try and introduce market dynamics and
discipline into the really dysfunctional
um segments that you've seeing you're
seeing mostly inflation in. Um and so
then that leads you to like okay why is
it that the cost of healthare keeps
going up and up regardless of what
happens. Why does the cost of college
keep going up? Why does the cost of
housing keep going up? And then you
realize that there are different things
that are making those things more
expensive than than money in people's
pockets.
>> I would argue that government
intervention is causing those prices to
go up. And when you look at housing, as
soon as the government got involved and
subsidized mortgages, people were able
to access bigger mortgages at lower
rates to buy more house, which increased
mortgage rates and increased the
mortgage size.
>> Also, to housing and making it difficult
to build. If it was easier to build,
you'd have a much larger supply. Also
with student loans, as soon as the
Department of Education got involved,
you see admin just go through the roof
and then colleges charged exactly the
amount that the government would
subsidize and it just seemed like that
pushed it up. So if government
intervention
>> that is my that is my my big point which
is that the things that are driving the
costs in these sectors are um often born
of the government and policies and those
are the things you want to attack and
get to the root of um as to why certain
costs are going out of control. Um but
then they're two different issues. It's
like those things didn't get super
expensive because everyone got rich uh
you know like they got just distorted.
Um, and so you want to like I'm all for
loosening zoning restrictions, for
example, because like that might make
the housing market like I'm all for
trying to figure out like, hey, what are
the I mean, what was Trump's idea?
50-year mortgage and like
>> 50 mortgage that didn't make it made
zero sense. So, by the way, I I know you
I mean you and I and you know, the three
of us knew that immediately. I actually
put out a tweet making fun of it where I
was like, "A 50-year mortgage is a good
idea. You know what's an even better
idea? Aundred-year mortgage." You know,
but you know what's crazy is reading the
comments, how many comments were for the
50-year mortgage and said, "Thank you.
Finally, this is a solution. This is
exactly what we've needed. Finally, big
W. Trump." And then when he said you
could pull out money from a 401k to buy,
everybody was for it. And it just seems
like why is there such a a a distance
between like what's factually and
mathematically correct and what people
think? And it seems like you threw out
ideas that sound great and people just
go for it.
>> Oh, yeah. that that's that's this era.
And I, by the way, like and I I've put
this out there too. I love when anyone
in power, Trump included, is doing
something uh trying to make life more
affordable or like like reducing the
cost of various things. I love uh the
Trump um savings accounts for newborns.
It's like, you know, you argue against
that and people be like, "Oh, it's not
It's like, you know, sure, shoot, it's
something like, you know, thousand
thousand bucks per kid and then Michael
Dell threw in another 250 for, you know,
like a bunch of kids in Texas. Yeah.
It's like, well, you know, no, you can't
be mad at that stuff.
>> Um,
so he's uh taking swings at trying to
make housing more affordable and we're
seeing what is and is not possible. I
mean, 50 mage, dumb idea. 401k stuff,
you know, also it's like, you know, like
I
>> risky but Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like taking
a different risk
>> risky.
>> Yeah. It's like I mean that one was a
chin scratcher. I was like how do I feel
about this?
>> I said the coin flip.
>> Yeah. But but so you um so I'm enjoying
that aspect. Um like the the
>> actual problems have been allowed to
fester over you know years and years
where like when when you um adopt
certain policies and then you come back
30 years later you know things have got
>> um very distorted. And so when you're
trying to undistort them, then some of
the um solutions like you know like the
things he's doing like some of them
aren't awesome. But what you would
actually need is a time machine. You
would actually need to go back in time
and be like, "Hey guys, like maybe we
shouldn't be subsidizing certain things
so much or we should be loosening
housing um uh production. Uh and I know
I think Austin has been a real success
story where they they've built and then
rents have gone down. Um so it shows
that good leadership and policy could
actually make a difference. What did you
think about Doge? Were you optimistic
going into it? You said that you loved
targeting those really expensive
government programs that waste a lot of
money. And I feel like that was kind of
the idea going in.
>> Yeah. I mean, I I I think I'm someone
who was sympathetic to the goals of Doge
and then was like very unhappy with the
actual implementation. And I I think
that describes a whole lot of people. Uh
you know, I think a lot of business
people were like, "Wow, this is
interesting." Like I I do sense that
there's a lot of bloat and excess in
there. And then it's like, "Wait a like
you know the the way they went about it
I thought was um not the right way and
it made me sad because uh you know some
of the goals I think Americans uh are on
board with including even earlier
Democratic administrations who you know
you can find clips of um Bill Clinton or
Obama being like you know we need to
root out waste I mean who likes waste
there's a lot of waste I mean we all all
know that
>> do you think they could ever fix waste
in the government
>> I've looked at this in in some detail
>> yeah it just it just seems like this
would be the highest highest ROI
activity. Like we talk about cancelling
income tax and when you look at how much
the US makes from income tax and the
amount that's allegedly lost to fraud,
you could practically cancel out a lot
of income tax and be a net the same.
>> It was like 0 to $600,000.
>> $650,000 zero taxes
>> if you got rid of fraud.
>> Yeah. I mean that that's something
Americans should get on board with.
>> At this point, we should be able to at
least knock out like half. I'm I'm going
to say I'm going to say something that
people are are going to dislike
intensely as someone who looked at this.
So, check it out.
>> I've run private businesses. Um,
and so some people who run for president
who have a business background like me
might say, "I'm going to run government
like a business." Uh, and that sounds
good to business people, but they're
very different things. They have like
different goals and and um um different
structures. And so if you were to be in
charge of government and run it like a
business, you know what you would do
pretty quickly? You would increase uh
the the size and efficiency of the IRS
because you know you invest a billion in
IRS agents, you probably goose um
receivables and by the way reduce fraud.
Like if I were to spend a you know like
and I could have a bounty system. I
could have like a you know like by the
way you could also have a tax holiday
which I totally would have done. It's
like, look, if you've been playing fast
and loose for a number of years, it's
cool. Just come clean and then we'll
like divvy it up. We're not going to
throw you in jail. We're just going to
like, you know, true size it like, you
know, like give you like a slap on the
wrist and like take 30%. Like I was
going to do I wanted to do things like
that because like, you know, I'm not
look we we're not going to change the
rules on you retroactively. I'm not
going to like shaft anyone. But if you
were to run it like a business, that
would be a phenomenal investment just
because
>> that's what a lot of people say because
I've seen that point and I agree with
you. But at the same time, people say,
"Well, why should I be paying taxes when
all that money is going to this waste?"
Like, why target me who's like trying to
work and make money when like these
people over here are basically just
stealing it and wasting it?
>> I would a thousand% agree with that. And
I I would have been the first person to
be like, "Hey, look, um, and by the way,
I've been on Capitol Hill. I've hung out
with, you know, senators and presidents,
next presidents and whatnot. As soon as
they get in there, their actual desire
to try and um,
uh, shrink government. It's like, you
know, it it's very, um, minimal like
they they don't care that, you know,
like that they become enscconced in this
circuit of fundraising, dinners, and
like the the rest of it." like the and
the money becomes an abstraction as soon
as you're in Capitol Hill in part
because the numbers are so big. But I
would have taken joy and been like,
look, here's here's what we're going to
do. We're going to ratchet up um the uh
ability for our government to catch
fraudsters. And that includes people who
are right now wasting government money
in like a whole million ways. And we all
know that exists that it's coming out in
dramatic fashion. Yeah. You know, right
now in various quarters. Um and I I
would have said like that's my
responsibility. Go dollar for dollar.
It's like anything I ask you to do, I'm
going to ask us to do. Um and then I'd
like to beat it because I have like a
you know a huge bloated budget to work
with. And anyone who's realistically
taking a shot at this, and this is one
reason why we're so lost, anyone who's
really taking a look at this would also
include the military in this. Um, and I
have a high school buddy who was an Air
Force Academy graduate and he said like
his worst day of the year is was when he
flew over the ocean just dumping um uh
oil and gas into the ocean because and
then I asked like any normal person
would just like why the do you do
that and he was like well because if we
spent less on fuel in any given year
then our budget would shrink the next
year so we're going to use the amount of
fuel that's budgeted. We've heard so
many stories of basically exactly that
of waste within the military of of just
purposely going and spending money on
things you don't need just to be able to
get that budget and more the next year
and if they didn't hit that they just
get a lower amount and they may as well
just waste the money and get a higher
amount.
>> Yes. So you have the biggest efficiency
zars um in DC but then be like oh I
can't touch the military.
>> Why does it why does it work like that?
Because in any other business, it
wouldn't be like, you know, hey, if I
don't spend all of my money this year,
I'm not getting more. Why does it work
like that for the government?
>> So, the the big thing, the the big yang
word I want to leave everyone with from
this conversation is incentives. That
like that that's what is driving us
crazy. That's what's making government
not work is that you have very very
powerful incentives um for let's say
each member of Congress. The military,
shockingly, has a base uh or some kind
of um like uh economically
um generative thing in every
congressional district in the country.
Now, why is that? Does it just make
sense to have 435 different, you know,
factories or bases, they do it so that
every single member of Congress benefits
from military expenditures in terms of
jobs they can point to. Um, so if you
have an incentive structure, let's say
I, President Yang, would be like, "Look
guys, I love this country. We ought to
be able to defend it. We got to be able
to do awesome stuff, but there is a ton
of bloat in the military and uh, let's
take a look at it. Let's try and like
get some expenses out. Like these things
don't make us safer, for example. Maybe
I can find, by the way, you any
reasonable person could find a whole
host of things that we're doing that
have nothing to do with our actual
readiness or effectiveness, etc., etc.
Uh but then the incentives are like I'm
going to reduce the spend in someone's
district and then that person then is
like why am I I have to fight this
because you know like you're going to
reduce jobs at my base. You can reduce
jobs at that munitions factory. You're
going to reduce jobs at at X and Y. So
as soon as you end up running a foul of
someone's political interests, then they
they'll fight you tooth and nail. Um,
and and if I go to the American public
too and say, "Hey, I'm going to reduce
military spend." Like 50% of Americans
would be like, "Screw you." Like that's
terrible. I'm like promilitary. I can be
like, "Look, I'm promilitary, too. I'm,
you know, I'm like not, you know, I'm
like I
Anyway, I can stop there. But people get
it like that. There's like a um there's
if you were serious about trying to curb
excess spending, like military would be
included." So, here's a theory that
we've always joked about on the podcast,
and I love mentioning this to anybody in
office because hopefully one day we'll
actually get done. 10,000 accountants
all auditing the IRS and also the
government budget, seeing where the
money goes. If we had some sort of
registry or forum database where you
could go in, see how much money is
actually going into the IRS and then
line item where is it being spent. If
some random agency in some department in
some state and whatever needs to buy
some televisions, I want to be able to
see where our money is going and which
televisions we're buying. And are we
paying way above MSRP? Because
realistically, we all know that there's
some extra fee, extra buffer. We've
heard of like the $22 muffins or
cupcakes that was served at this one
bathroom and the $20 per ounce Starbucks
coffee that was being provided at some
random government agency party. And so
if we actually had some sort of database
where you could see line by line what is
being spent, then you have a million
YouTube journalists that are all going
to look through it and find a bunch of
stuff and expose a bunch of fraud, a
bunch of waste. And I think that that
would be perfect. Once you have that,
then you could have someone who runs for
office campaigns on the idea of I'm
going to just go in and just cut out all
of these things that we all agree is
wasteful. Like if you just actually we
give our money to the government, their
job is transparency to us. they're
supposed to serve us, but if they just
spend our money willy-nilly, then it's
like,
>> uh, I would enjoy that, too. I would. I
mean, there's a lot of ridiculousness
going on, and we all know it. Uh, and,
um, it's not in anyone's interest really
to go against it to uncover it because
one person's cost is another person's
job. You know what I mean? Like, like I
could find all sorts of like crazy
expenses and then like there are like a
thousand people who were barnacles
on that. Now, let me say I'm also, you
know, like a conscientious human where
it's like, is it your fault that your
job relies upon this inefficiency?
>> Uh, you know, like I I would argue no. I
mean, just like it's not some
>> but there's a negative economic
multiplier on their job. So, what is the
purpose at the end of the day? It's like
just give them welfare instead of having
them like continue to an inefficient
system.
>> That that would be my
>> at the very least, you know,
>> that that would be my argument. It would
be look uh in like in a way um and this
was one of the ideas um I think Doge was
working with. It's like look if I buy
you out like we still win.
>> You know what I mean? Like I'm I don't
want to be um like uh like a total
jackass because like if someone got
hired in some capacity. I mean they were
just like a random schmo who ended up
working at this thing and they you know
they're doing their thing. Um, and I say
this in part,
so my parents were immigrants to this
country. My mom worked at a state
university in New York. Um, and so like
I I worked summers there. And so like
you get a sense of like, you know,
various departments and and employees.
Um, my aunt then worked for the state of
New Jersey as a as a researcher. And so
like I I kind of visualize people in
these random offices. Um, and uh, you
know, it's like like I if what they're
doing doesn't actually create any value
and it's all like a giant um,
bureaucratic mess and waste and it's
like we should find something else for
you to do. But like, you know, I don't
want to be like cruel where it's like if
there are, you know, like office parks
full of these people, you know, you
don't want to be a dick and be like,
"Hey, like everyone get lost yesterday."
>> Give them a year of their income and
then tell them to figure it out. some
kind of by the way everything I'm
describing um might not just apply to
these government workers I mean at this
point going back to the earlier part of
our conversation um is like AI is going
to do that to like people who work in
call centers right now AI is going to do
that pretty soon to people who work in
warehouses right now so like like my
passion in life in many ways is to
enable
humane effective realistic transitions
for millions of people that are going to
be displaced. And you can see now the
system is kind of tremoring or
whipsawing like the ground is shaking
beneath our feet. You know, people who
never thought they'd have an issue. All
of a sudden it's like, "Oh my god." like
you know and some of that I get and it's
appropriate because there are millions
of manufacturing workers who got kicked
to the curb in this last generation and
our political system treated them like
and ignored them and that was
totally wrong slash like you know I mean
the word that popped into my mind was
actually evil. It's like you you
decimated communities. People went home
and like uh you know often drank
themselves to death. Like very very bad
things happen in these in these towns.
Uh and now we're that's playing out in
more and more sectors. Um and AI does
not discriminate between the hardworking
conscientious truck driver or the you
know the drunk one or whatever. Like
it's going to get you either way. Um,
and so the question is, what is the path
for those people?
>> And why did you decide to run for
president? This episode is in
partnership with Airbnb. So Graham and I
just got back from a trip to Austin and
Puerto Rico. And in both places, we book
stays on Airbnb. And literally every
single time we travel these days, we
stay at homes on Airbnb. And if you're
big on traveling like us, anytime we're
away, the home just ends up sitting
unused. But it could actually be
generating extra income by hosting on
Airbnb. So, you guys may not know this,
but at one point I actually hosted on
Airbnb a spare bedroom in my house, and
it ended up being far easier than I
expected. The setup was straightforward.
Everything ran smoothly, and it turned
into a genuinely great experience
overall. And guys, I am being so honest.
It is genuinely a phenomenal way to make
some extra cash if you have spare
bedrooms in your house. Just put them on
Airbnb. You'll make some money. It is so
easy. It's quite enjoyable. I highly
recommend it. Now, if you've ever
thought about hosting but weren't sure
how to handle it if you're away, Airbnb
now has the co-host network. With this,
you could partner with a vetted local
co-host with hosting experience who
could take care of the important details
for you. So, you see, a co-host can help
manage reservations, guest
communication, and even provide on-site
support so everything goes smoothly
while you're away. This makes hosting a
lot more manageable when you travel.
It's also just a great way to earn some
extra cash for future trips or just home
projects. If you've considered hosting
but need some help, find a co-host at
airbnb.com/host.
Running a successful business will
always get to a point where money's
coming in, things are good, things are
growing, but it's hard to know what's
set aside for taxes, who's been paid, or
where your expenses are going. It can
get stressful very fast. Realistically,
most businesses don't fail because of a
bad idea. They fail because the owner
never gets true control over their
finances. But that's where our sponsor,
Relay, comes in. Relay is a business
banking platform made to give small
business owners more clarity and control
over their cash flow. What I absolutely
love about Relay is it helps you get set
up like an actual structure. You can
open up to 20 checking accounts, so it's
easy to keep income, taxes, payroll, and
savings separate instead of mixing
everything together. It's basically like
using digital envelopes, but for your
business. Relay also lets your team have
their own login with custom permissions.
So whether it's your bookkeeper or an
assistant, they can handle all the
day-to-day tasks that allow you to
actually focus on growing the business.
And if you're anything like us, which
you probably are, and you need to pay
vendors or contractors, Relay has bill
pay builtin. You can send a payments,
wires, or checks right from the same
exact platform, so you don't have to
switch between a bunch of different
tools. Relay also connects directly with
Zero and QuickBooks, which keeps
everything organized and your books tidy
without any extra work. For a lot of
business owners, getting this sorted
means you finally stop putting out fires
and actually have room to grow. So, if
you want a system that supports your
business, scan the QR code on the screen
or click the link down below in the
description to learn more about Relay.
Thanks so much. And now, let's get back
to the episode. And why did you decide
to run for president?
>> Isn't it obvious? No, I'm kidding. Um,
so I I ran for president because I
wanted to educate the American public
about AI and the fourth industrial
revolution and what was going to happen
and accelerate the end of poverty. Right
now as we're having this conversation,
GDP per person is around 83,000 ahead,
which I'm and that's going to shoot up
because of AI. So at what level do you
get to where you look around and be
like, you know what, that's actually
enough so we can alleviate gross poverty
in this society. And if we don't make a
move like that, in my opinion, we end up
disintegrating and turning on each other
and like all sorts of terrible stuff
happens. So I thought to myself, if I
run for president, I estimate that I
have a 15% chance of accelerating the
addressing of poverty in this society.
Uh, and that seemed like a fine way to
spend, you know, 3 years of my life.
It's like if I told you you had a 15%
chance of um speeding up the end of
poverty.
>> Yeah.
>> And you I might like to think more
people would would take that um mission
on if like if I said that to each of
you. I don't know if my estimation of my
probability of of accelerating was
correct.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but that's what I I thought.
>> What was the most surprising thing about
politics?
>> No, I I was surprised at how
uh
big was. I suppose I mean I'd say
like if you want to
>> in what way like what exact cuz I hear
all the time that politics like dirty
like they try to like bind some dirt on
you or someone's like hey tell us
everything about like your life in case
something comes out we know how to
handle it. How true is that?
>> There's some reality to all of that for
sure. Uh now I I led a fairly boring
civilian life prior to running for
president. Um, and I,
um, the closer you get to being a
threat, um, the nastier it gets. And so
I was the likable upstart presidential
candidate for most of the campaign. And
the folks above me, you could tell, had
very strict instructions. Do not waste
any time tangling with Yang. Like, it's
all downside, no upside. So what happens
is every candidate in that environment
has instructions from our teams like who
to try and attack and nine times out of
10 that person's above you. Um and so if
you remember the race like and we joked
with my team that I was like the grim
reaper of presidential candidates where
as soon as I passed you you dropped out.
It's like the joke was it's all fun in
games until Andrew Yang catches you in
the polls and then like you're out. And
did I catch up to Kla Harris and have
her drop out? Yeah. Like I mean, yes,
that did happen if you rewind the tape
in the presidential primary in 2020. Um,
but Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, like all
those folks, like anytime we had any
reaction, they just like cut it off
immediately cuz they were like, I do not
like my team has told me like waste no
time on Yang. And so because of that um
I had in some ways a fairly benign
experience
um because uh you know candidates didn't
want to like and you like um engage um
but the press was bizarre where one
thing that came out as an example is an
MSNBC producer named Ariana Picari um
after she left she said I was given a
list of candidates never to have on air
and Andrew Yang was one of those
candidates. So, like there there's stuff
like that going around where the media
um that was like something that I'm
wouldn't have necessarily believed.
>> How did you single-handedly prevent Kla
Harris from winning the primaries in
2020?
>> No, I I did not. It was just that I did
better than her and then she dropped
out. The two major arbiters of um
viability in that environment were
donors and the press. Uh, and so if
either or both of those groups turned on
you, um, then you ended your campaign.
>> Do you think though that maybe the press
was a thing five, six years ago and now
it's all social media and algorithms?
>> Yeah, that's a big deal. You know, so by
the way, it is asymmetrical where um, if
you look at confidence in national media
as an example, it's maybe twice as high
among Democratic primary voters as it is
among Republican primary voters. So,
there's the holy trinity of democratic
media institutions that let Democratic
primary voters know who is good to vote
for. Um, and that trinity is the New
York Times, MSNBC, and CNN. So now the
average person listening to this, maybe
you don't care about what those um media
organizations are saying, but you know
who cares are Democratic primary voters
in New Hampshire, South Carolina, um
Michigan, Nevada.
>> Who owns and controls those outlets?
Like who's at the top making the
decision? How do you Is it just like
these people cozing up to those people?
>> Yeah. So, if if you rewind the tape
again, um when Joe Biden launched his
campaign, um the people that had the his
first fundraiser event for him were
the owners of Comcast, um which also own
MSNBC
at the time. And so, uh there was like a
fairly hostile, um coverage environment
for Joe Biden's primary rivals out of
MSNBC. And is that stuff real? And and
again, as someone who who like coming in
was like, ah, you know, like
professionals, they do their jobs. I
experienced some things that made me
understand why some people just think
it's fake news, like think they're full
of Um, I got it. I was like, "Oh
my god, like some of that stuff is
definitely happening."
>> What did you experience?
>> Well, again, like some producers being
like, "Hey, not allowed to have you on."
Um, like the the biggest thing was MSNBC
um was actively hostile towards me at
different times. Um, and then at some
point I was like, I I'm boycotting MSNBC
until they like acknowledged that
they've um covered me.
>> What do you mean actively hostile? Like
what did that look like? What do they
say about you?
>> They like there would be a fundraising
graphic being like, "Hey, these are the
candidates that raise the most. I would
just be omitted from that graphic." Like
let's say I was supposed to be like
fourth in that graphic. It would just
skip me. Um,
>> so it go from like third and fifth.
>> And would you tweet about them? Like
>> I'd be like, "Hey guys, like FYI, like I
should have been fourth in that
graphic." What would they would they
respond to you?
>> No. Um
>> so they truly acted like you just did
not exist.
>> Yes. And so then I I came out and I came
out and was like, "Hey guys, like what
the hell?"
>> Um and then it got even wor instead of
being like, "Oh yeah, like by the way,
some of the the things that
>> um the New York Times actually shrunk me
visually by several inches in a photo.
>> I didn't know they did that."
>> Um well because I saw the photo and it's
like I'm not the same height as Amy
Clolobachar or whatever the hell. And
then they actually had to print a
retraction being like, "Oh yeah, sorry.
We we like shrank Yang."
>> Was it just editor? Was it just like a
random person?
>> By the way, so my team got livid about
this stuff. I like I would just be like
I just blew off most of them. It's like
who knows? But like some of the things
you were like, well, there was one time
CNBC actually put a different Asian guy
that was not me like for
>> CNBC.
>> It was I'm 90% sure it was CNBC like had
a picture of a guy named Jeff Yang. It
said like Andrew Yang, like presidential
candidates,
>> you know, and and so
by the way, the subtitle of my book that
you have up there, um, Hey Yang, where's
my thousand bucks? Uh, the alternate
title was, "Hey, am I racist or are you
Andrew Yang?" Which I which I have been
asked. That's um so
uh so MSNBC like eventually I was like
look guys like I don't know why you guys
are being such jackasses but like like
if you just acknowledge that you've
covered us like uh in a way that you
know is not great. By the way they
already apologized for a couple things.
So I was like just acknowledge that you
you've covered us um unfairly and then
we can move on. And their response to
that was instead just to completely
black me out for the entirety of the
rest of the campaign. Even when I made
the seventh presidential debate, it as
in the primary um and people making the
debate stage was like, you know, a news
item where every press outlet would be
like, "Hey, like, you know, Yang just
made the debate. MSNBC wouldn't even
cover that. Wouldn't even cover the fact
that I made
>> Why wouldn't you just sue him? I feel
like that's the like the fact that they
intentionally went in and shortened you.
That sounds like you could easily sue
them. Oh, you know, I mean, that that
was the times like there there was there
was no upside, by the way, for a
Democratic candidate, which I was at
that time. I'm now an independent. I
co-founded a new political party, the
Forward Party. We're the third biggest
party in the country, My Resources.
Congratulations to us.
>> Um, by the time I was a Democratic
primary candidate, and there was tons of
downside and no upside to getting into a
food fight with the holy trinity of
Democratic voting opinion makers. And if
you fast forward to 2028, this this
upcoming primary, these three opinion
makers are diminished from where they
were, but they're still powerful,
particularly the New York Times and
MSNBC among this Democratic primary
electorate that I'm going to suggest to
you all. By the way, the average age of
a Democratic primary voter might be
something like 55 and the average age of
an MSNBC viewer 57, something along
those lines. So, you might think, "Who
the hell's watching these things? Why
does anyone care?" And people care less
than they did, but they still can put
their finger on it for a Democratic
primary.
>> Did anyone go and try to like ruin your
reputation or anything else beyond just
getting excluded from media?
>> You know, there was some very, very
negative stuff um that um but it was,
you know, I mean, anyone looking at it
was like what like Yang made his
employees sing karaoke at like a company
event. I mean, there was just some stuff
where it like it it it like uh Yeah. I
mean, cuz cuz Kaki is fun and awesome.
Um but
>> um
>> So that was actually something they said
you did.
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> And what was the bad part about that?
>> No, I mean that's what I said, but it it
was that uh
>> you had they had to listen to his
singing.
I didn't
>> ears were bleeding and
>> Yeah, that's really what they should
have called out. Uh I will say that uh
wasn't for lack of trying in that um I
had uh family members, friends,
neighbors who uh all received this sort
of in interrogation
if they would sit for it. Oh yeah. Like
that there there was all sorts of um
effort um to try to unearth skeletons.
Um
>> and what do they do? Do they offer
money? Do they say like, "Hey, here's a
$50,000 reward if you give us some some
dirt."
>> That there was um you know, there was a
lot of cajoling or there were a lot of
efforts and elbow grease put in. And one
thing I will say to you guys is that um
some people just find talking to the
press really appealing um because you
end up um maybe quoted in the New York
Times or whatever, but you also end up
with a relationship with a reporter
which is currency in certain circles
certainly in political circles. I mean
there's a layer of professionals who
actually interface with these reporters
and like feed them stuff and then they
they get that you can hire them um for
access. So, so what were they? So,
explain to me like boots on the ground.
What was happening? They were showing up
and they were like knocking on doors
like, "Hey, you know, Andrew Yang just
acting as what? What were they acting as
a a journalist?"
>> Be like, "Hey, yeah, this is um you
know, journalist X from um from the New
York Times." Let's use them as an
example. Be like, you know, uh have you
had any contact with Andrea? You worked
with him x years ago. You are his
neighbor. you you know are like this
stuff would happen um dozens and dozens
of times and then if someone were to say
to them it's like yeah yeah you know
been his neighbor um he like nice guy
like fine whatever and then they would
like ask him like five negative
questions and being like has he ever um
stirred has there been arguments from
like and after the person was like no
none of the above then they were just
like okay nothing click
>> but then if the person was like well
there was this one time but I don't even
know if it was you know and then they're
like might have You know what I mean?
>> Yes. And and so they would call all of
the people that I'd worked with over the
last 20 years of my life to try and find
that's why they got the karaoke story.
But like they they would call
>> I mean
>> did we have a karaoke event at my old
company? Yes, we did. Like you know did
I give someone a microphone that maybe
it was like
>> so they felt pressured to do karaoke and
perform.
>> I don't even know if we can post this
anymore. We might get too much
>> hand thing.
If you handed an employee a microphone
and they felt pressured that they
couldn't hand it back because their job
was on the line and then they're like,
"Oh, I have to sing and I don't sing and
I feel self-conscious and
>> so that means that you should not be
able to run for president."
>> Correct. Okay.
>> Well, no. Well, so but that is the level
of detail, you know, and you imagine
what it would take to get that
particular anecdote. It's like call
everyone that has worked and there are,
you know, I've worked with a lot of
people over my career. So you like call
hundreds of people and then if 80 of
them are like Yang's Yang is good,
Yang's fine. Enjoyed working with him.
They're like h nothing here. But then
you find like a few people who might
have like some ax grind or ambiguous or
like blah blah blah blah blah. Um then
they'll be like oo. And then there was
one disgruntled person that I let go or
whatever that they had like stories for
days out of. Um you know and so that
that stuff is like
>> that was like everything.
>> But there's news. Here's what I feel.
You have it easy in the sense that you
growing up didn't have social media and
things that you posted to, you know,
MySpace back in like 2006 that people
I'm sure could unearth and people who
are our age who posted everything to
Facebook when they're like 13 to 16
years old. I'm sure there's stuff out
there that you just would look back and
cringe at that a president 40 years from
now, they're going to have their entire
life.
>> I think every every single buddy is
going to have that though. That's the
thing.
>> No, you're right because uh I'm a Gen
Xer.
>> Um and so social media did not exist
when I was a teenager. Uh and so my
record is fairly clean, you know, like
social media or or otherwise cuz again
I'm a pretty boring individual. Um, and
it's going to be very very hard for lots
of people of a certain generation um, to
take on any public facing role because I
can find some really rancid things you
said when you were 14 years old. And by
the way, I don't think you should be
judged for that because like you know
our brains aren't even complete at 14
and if I trash talk on you know
>> and I mean one thing that really
distresses me is when people unearth
various texts. I mean, who hasn't texted
like frankly, you know, like offcolor
stuff um to your and so so a social
media post I I don't even think most of
that should be held against you until
you're a fullyfledged adult, your brain
is complete, the age of 25 and you have
a position of authority because if even
if you're like a civilian spouting off,
it's like I don't freaking care.
>> That's Uncle Joe. Everybody said
something 100%. And that's another
thing. It's like obviously, you know,
not to harp on it, but like the the
locker room talk that everyone was
freaking out of. Obviously, what he said
was not acceptable, but also
>> every guy Sorry. And most girls, I know
most girls say stuff that's just crazy
for the sake of saying something that's
probably just as rancor.
>> Yeah, 100% worse. I've never said
anything. the the take I want to share
and one reason why I think you guys are
very very um important is that you guys
have created your own audience and
institution and you're trying to help
people it's positive like I find you to
be very balanced um the the the way that
our politics have gotten divvied up is
that you essentially have the folks who
believe in institutions like some of
these press organizations I was talking
about and then you have the folks who
don't many of whom have built up their
own independent followings and voices is
and these two um worlds have been um
sort of naturally oppositional because
if for example you're independent media,
one of your natural things is like oh
like legacy media dumb slow like you
know kind of full of it maybe um
politically compromised
like all of the above. Now, you look at
this independent universe and I think
that there are good actors and not so
good actors. And then if you're a good
actor within this universe, fantastic.
You know, you're like doing people a lot
of good and young people are going to
actually be seeing your stuff more much
more than they're going to see um some
clip on cable TV or or whatnot. So, I I
think I'm pro like, you know, someone
jokingly called me uh you know, it's
like I'm somewhere in this zone. Um, and
I'm someone who understands, look, these
institutions are um, disintegrating and
faltering and somewhat compromised and
corrupt. Um, and my goal is to try and
get them to modernize and be better and
do better and help solve some of the
problems that are on the ground. Um,
which I I do think you're going to need
government to do um, at scale. What's
been your experience with lobbying? So
like on the receiving end have people
came to you with a bunch of money saying
hey if you could pass this one bill that
makes it so gambling is one you know
gambling loss is 100% write off
>> that
>> bring the gambling age down to
>> bring the gambling
>> um so first uh you know I'm um not
presently in control of government so uh
if anyone wants to send me money to
lobby government
feel free to send on over. Um, that
said, uh, I've actually had breakfast
with a with like, you know, as an
example, a US senator who was there to
get lobbyed. And so each person at the
breakfast, myself accepted, um, had
donated between5 and $10,000 to have
breakfast with the senator. And each
person went around one of the tables
like, "Hey, um, you know, like we're
trying to get like what the the export
tax lower." It's like, "Hey, we're
trying to get a subsidy for this." And
the senator was bored out of his mind.
He was like, "Oh my god, this breakfast
sucks." And then I and then I was there
lobbying for, you know, like
anti-poverty measures and he perked up.
He was like, "Oh, I actually don't mind
talking about this." Um, but there
there's this
uh lobbying industrial complex in DC and
lobbying pays off huge. I think someone
did a study and found that the return on
lobbying investment is something like
1,700%.
In other words, if I put, you know, 20
million into lobbying, I'm going to get
17x. Um, I'm gonna suggest that everyone
here would make that investment five
ways from Sunday.
>> That's crazy. So, so smart companies are
lobbying and our um political system
right now is highly subject to it.
Highly subject to it. Any other
experience though? Because I like this
is the type of stuff that everyone, you
know, if they think about the conspiracy
theories and how there's some rooms that
they don't have access to and it's what
all the powerful people are doing and
there's massive, you know, seven-digit
numbers being wired from one person to
another through
where they just say, "Hey, this was
their salary." And then all of a sudden
they buy like a $9 million house and
like how did this person go from zero to
like $9 million house and these bills
passed?
>> Yeah. I mean that there's there's a lot
of um stuff going on. Uh and am I you
know like um have I been in rooms where
I'm like you know like I have a have a
feeling and I I I also will say too um
you have these members of Congress and
senators who everyone they hang out with
is loaded. That's one of the things I
will say too. And then they're the
center of attention. And so then the
people that are around them that are
loaded, it's like hey but get you in on
this deal. Hey, like I' I've got this
tip for you. And then the member's like,
"Ooh, like you know, like I have all
these fancy friends who want to help
elevate my way of life." Um some of them
on private planes be like, "Hey, you
want to take this trip to like blah blah
blah." And so that is pervasive. It's
all the time. Uh and uh the American
people have picked up on that. But then
how does the money end up in the
government officials pocket? Because
there's a difference donating to a
campaign where the money has to be spent
on campaigning, but then how come
everyone goes into office, they come out
a few years later and they're worth $50
million.
>> So the the member all the time is
getting pitched various deals and it's
like look this like a special insider
deal and I just want you to reverse
position. Let's say I was like a big
shot real estate investor. I had some
sweet sweet real estate investment where
I'm like oo this thing's going to yield
you know 500,000%.
I'm pretty confident in it. And you knew
a member of Congress, would you be like,
"Look, just put a bit of money into this
deal and you're going to get 5 to 10x."
You probably would because you know that
member of Congress is going to love you
and take your calls forever and thank
you. And so that's what's happening is
that the the member is getting access to
all sorts of sweetheart deals because on
the other end, someone wants access and
influence.
>> But then why is that not made public?
Like that seems like if if you pulled
all Americans, let's say we have 400
million Americans, I would say maybe
less than 10% would disagree with making
all that information public.
>> Yeah, totally. I mean, so 80 uh you
know, 75% of Americans are for something
called term limits as an example,
>> you know, because we think people should
maybe do their job and come home and not
just make a you know, perma career out
of it. Um 83% of Americans are for
trying to get some money out of politics
because we can sense that everyone's
getting bought and sold. Um the the
problem and I have I've actually given a
TED talk on this topic. I don't know if
it was part of your research. Um that
popular will is now getting refracted in
a way that we're not actually getting
any of those things. Like I can give you
like a bunch of things that 75 to 85% of
Americans are for and we're not getting
>> them. Um, so, uh, but what you're saying
is totally correct. I mean, everyone
would love transparency and everyone
would love to go through both members,
uh, investment deals and government
expenditures with a fine tooth comb.
We'd find all sorts of crazy stuff.
>> How common is insider trading? I love
these accounts that break down like Poly
Market and Kali and they say like, "Hey,
this trader has a 100% success rate and
just put like $50,000 on this obscure
thing to happen."
>> Yeah. Again, they're they're getting So,
I'm, you know, I'm not going to pretend
I have all the access that, you know, a
senator has or whatnot, but even I
sometimes catch wind of various things
that are going to happen before they
happen.
Like my joke is I don't know if you guys
play basketball, but like one of the
things people say is like just be around
the hoop. Be around the hoop that
sometimes the ball comes to like you
know
>> get get a cheap two. Um so I I would
describe myself as being sort of hoop
adjacent
but but there are um various officials
who are just like standing underneath
the hoop and they catch wind of
everything. I mean if you're on certain
committees like you see all these deals
that are uh you know happening before
they happen before they get announced
like all the time and then the very
natural thing is to be like hey you know
I hear this deal's happening and then
and then and it could be your wife it
could be
you know a family member just elbow I
mean that stuff's I'm sure
>> you can just let us know you know we
will not take advantage of it if you
tell us you know you got information
about something's going to happen Cool.
>> We're not We're not going to take
advantage of it. You know,
>> I'm sure you would never do such a
thing. And you would never then share it
with your listeners. Another reason to
tune in
>> behind the pay wall, of course. So, you
got to pay
content. That's the definition of
premium content.
>> We do have a membership.
>> We have a membership. We have a
membership, which is great. It really
helps us out a lot and supports our
editor Mikey.
>> So, did you ever get one crazy lobbying
offer where they were like, "Hey, we'll
take you on a private jet, you know,
first class vacation." I guess that's
we're going to take you over here.
private jet first class. They wanted to
offer you a bunch of money in order to
slip something through the bill.
>> I have been asked I I've been offered
like all expense paid uh luxury trips uh
and things of that nature um for people
that wanted to get me on board with um
you know their interests or cause like
that sort of thing has happened. Um, but
no one's ever gone so blatant and just
been like, "Here's a check for like XIS
for for you to um do our bidding." Um,
it hasn't gone to that point. It's
possible if id said yes to the luxury
trip, that check would have been waiting
for me.
But, you know, on the flip side too,
it's like I am married. I have two kids.
Um, like I I say no to a lot of things.
Um, uh, particularly international
travel because, you know, it's like, um,
it needs to drive one of my goals. Um,
and I since I ran for president,
uh, thank you to everyone who supported
me. If you didn't, missed your chance.
Maybe, you know, maybe we'll get another
one. Um, I've been trying to alleviate
poverty, which I see as the most
addressable major problem that we have.
Um, because again, 83,000
uh, per capita GDP and a big up arrow
attached to it. AI's uh you know
separating now the the fiction between
like hey if you're a good person you're
on the good side of the curve and if
you're like a a lazy dumb person you're
on the bad side of the curve. It's like
ah the curve the curve doesn't matter
you know it doesn't care doesn't care
how moral you are. Um
so my efforts in that direction have
been um political through humanity
forward um which super proud that um we
increase the the child tax credit by 80
billion per year um and that's going to
go to poor American families with kids.
So to the extent I have one crowning
achievement uh 80 billion a year I mean
that's like you know it's pretty good
career
>> accomplishment now you know and you like
if you want you can dig into um you know
I wrote something about it called like
fewer poor kids um on my blog a number
of months ago um and then I I co-founded
this political party the forward party
which now has 79 elected officials and
I'm convinced that the two-party system
is not going to address
>> any of the things that we we talked out
um because both of them are you know I
mean they're doing their thing and um
one one of the things I I point out what
do you guys think the approval rating
for US Congress is as we're having this
conversation
>> 45%.
>> I'm going to say 50
>> 15%ow
17% um like if you look at
>> is that historic low?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean it might have been
that high like you know x years ago when
you were in high school or whatever.
But now it's 30 years ago.
>> Now let's call it um
>> 15%.
>> What is the reelection rate for
incumbent members of Congress?
>> It's like probably like 80%.
>> Oh yeah, I would say 90.
>> 94%.
>> Wow.
>> So you have the biggest gulf any of us
can imagine. And one of my jokes is
like, hey, what if 85% of your customers
were unhappy, but you changed absolutely
nothing uh year of year? I mean, that's
how American politics feels to the vast
majority of Americans. That's one reason
why most of the people who are watching
this try to avoid politics
really, which I get.
>> Um, and so, um, so I've been trying to
cure the political system, um, with
through the Forward Party. And then the
third thing I'm doing because I'm a cool
entrepreneur like you guys, maybe not as
cool, whatever, is I looked at the
average American's cost structure and
said, "How can I get more money into
your hands without waiting for DC to do
it?" Um, so do you guys know Mark Cuban?
>> Oh, no, not personally.
>> We've tal I've talked to him on
Instagram.
>> See, there you go. So Mark and I are uh
friends and he started a company called
Cost Plus Drugs I know over years ago
which I think is awesome. And so we've
been talking about a lot of broken
marketplaces and public policy problems.
So Mark being a baller was like hey what
if I just buy generic drugs in bulk and
then make them available to the American
consumer at a 15% markup which is enough
for me to like build a business but not
like gouge everyone. And so I saw that
and was like, "Oh my god, Mark Cuban is
saving hundreds, maybe thousands of
lives every quarter because some people
are able to get drugs that they wouldn't
have gotten otherwise." So I looked at
Mark and then I said, "Um, is there
anything else we can cost plus in
American life?" Um, so the average
American household's cost structure goes
housing, healthcare, education, food,
fuel, transportation, fuel, heating,
too, transportation, media. It's where
you guys come in.
>> Yeah.
>> And then, uh, wireless data and
connectivity. So, I'm now going to ask
you a question that I'm deeply
interested in, but you know, maybe no
one cares. Um, who is your wireless
carrier?
>> AT&T Boost. The average American is
spending $83 a month on their wireless
connection. So, everyone listening to
this can like, you know, calibrate
against that.
>> Guess how much the average European is
spending.
>> 25 bucks. Yeah, I'm going to guess 20
something.
>> It's uh 35. So, it's a little bit
higher. But that $48 a month difference
times 12 months, uh, it's like, let's
call it, you know, 6. Yeah, it's it's
closer to 600. um times the hundreds of
millions of Americans with a wireless
plan comes to a hundred billion dollars
a year that Americans are spending on
their wireless in excess of what
Europeans are spending. And if you look
at where the money is going, so you have
this extra hundred billion in wireless
spend. Verizon is paying its
shareholders 11 billion a year in
dividends. It has a six I think it's
like a 6.4% dividend, which if you give
people investment advice, you're like
6.4% 4% dividend is freaking dope. You
know,
>> stock price just keeps going down
though.
>> Yes. But AT&T 4.7% dividend. Both of
these companies, the primary appeal to
shareholders now is the cash. These two
businesses are now taking money from
consumers. So, who are spending on
average, let's say like it's probably
higher than 83, it's actually more like
90. And then giving it to their
shareholders to the tune of 18 billion a
year that you can identify just in
dividends. Then you have marketing spend
a bunch of other stuff. So, I looked at
this and said, "Wait a minute. If I can
get you to 35 uh a month or close to it,
I could save the average American 600
bucks a month directly times all the
years you're going to be a wireless
subscriber, which is like let's say 40
years minimum. 40 * 600 is 24,000 and
then you put any interest rate on it and
compound it like what is that?
>> It'll make you a millionaire probably or
something. Maybe
>> make a lot of money. 100 grand.
>> With Noble Mobile, we the average Noble
Mobile user is paying 42 a month. When
you go abroad, we charge you $5 a day
and then cap it at 10 days. So, the most
you could pay is 50. Plus, we'll
discount you on domestic data where
we'll rebate you up to $20 a month based
on data you don't use. So, um so when I
went to Europe, like I didn't get
charged for domestic data cuz I didn't
use any. So, what we've done is we've
cost plused the data that Americans are
using
in order to try and get more money back
into your hands and then reward you if
you use less data. The the point though
is that we're going to cut the average
American's wireless bill in half. Um and
then any money that you save on this
data rebate, which we call the data
dividend, we pay a 5 and a half%
interest rate.
>> So it becomes this set it and forget it
savings plan. That's cool.
>> Um that also has the upside of getting
you to doomcroll a little bit less. The
average Noble mobile user spends 17%
less screen time in subsequent months
because the less screen time you use,
the more money we give you at the end of
the month. So, our hook is like get paid
to use your phone less. Um, now that
only applies to data you use when you're
outside of like Wi-Fi in the house and
office. So, this is like when you're out
to dinner with your friends. Um, but
it's, you know, so that's my my big
commercial effort to try and get
billions of dollars back into American
consumers hands. Why can't you just
offer free phones, free service, but
just sporadically you have to watch an
ad to like open your phone or like
you're in the middle of texting and just
a 5second ad comes up and you say, "Hey,
in a day you're going to get x number of
ads, but everything is free." There are
ad supported models out there. We looked
at it. Um I didn't hate it like I was
trying to get things as uh
value priced as possible. um where we
landed was that most people um wanted
enough data where it would have been
tough to do with just pure ad support um
just by the math. Like we probably could
have gotten your bill down somewhat. Um
but uh it it we don't think we could
have zeroed it out if it was purely ad
supported.
>> I bet you could do crazy ads if you
allow them to share their data and what
they're browsing online and let's say
they're looking for a mortgage. That is
worth so much money.
>> It Yeah. So there's probably a business
to be built around what you're
describing. We actually went the other
direction where we pledged never to
share your data. Uh like we're um so
when I ran for president I was like look
your data should be yours and like you
know we should pay you for it and stuff
like that. Um so with Noble we said look
we we we don't even have data of yours
that we can share. Uh, and so that would
diminish the upside for an adupported
model because you'd need to know a lot
about a consumer in order to yeah
monetize effectively. But there's
probably a business there.
>> In terms of running for president, I'm
curious, does it matter and to what
degree if you run as a Democrat or a
Republican? Like how much strategy goes
into choosing a side?
>> Uh, it'd be a lot um depending upon
what's going on in a particular cycle.
Um, so I'm just going to call out um RFK
ran for president as a Democrat in 24
and then the Democrat said we're not
going to have a primary and then he
switched to independent and he wound up
um endorsing Trump down the stretch. So
I ran in the Democratic primary in 2020.
Um and the party with an incumbent for
the last couple cycles has essentially
shut down their primary entirely. You
guys might not remember this. No one
does. But in 2020, Donald Trump was the
incumbent and there were a couple of
Republicans who tried to run against him
in the Republican primary and the
Republican party was like, "Yeah, we're
not going to have a primary." And then
the Democrats did the same thing in 24.
So the first thing you have to make a
determination of is like which party
will actually h have a contest. Um, if
you were to decide to run for president
as a Republican and let's say I mean
Trump theoretically will not be back on
the ballot in 28, but
Um but uh you know like they they they
wouldn't actually count votes and like
uh hold debates and any of that stuff
whereas the Democrats 100% will in uh
2728 like I think on the 28 side
Republicans it's going to be JD Vance
and I do not think there there's going
to be like uh a robust genuine primary.
>> Who do you who do you think is going to
run against JD Vance? Well, this is this
is the point is that um the parties have
become less and less interested in
having a genuine contest. And so uh if
JD Vance becomes let's say even he
becomes act like he becomes president
before 2028 he would truly be running as
the incumbent. Um and so
I'm not sure the Republican party will
have a genuine primary against him. I
think it might
>> on the other side it's going to be
everybody. It's going to be dozens of
candidates. Uh, and I know a bunch of
those folks. But every
>> If you were to make a prediction though
and say, "Hey, I think it's going to be
this." Who would you say?
>> You mean like you want me to list dozens
of names or do you want me to list the
front runners?
>> I want you to list the front runner who
you think has a good chance to go up
against JD Vance.
>> Well, right now, if you were to look at
Poly Market or Cal, any of those things,
I think that they'd have Gavin Newsome
as the front runner.
>> That's what I think.
>> And uh, he is taking advantage of the
current media environment to um, to
stake a claim. I will say I've met the
vast majority of these human beings and
Gavin commands a room and then is a
better political athlete um than the
vast majority of other Democrats that
are going to be running. He's just
really really good in a room. He's tall,
he's good-looking, he's got good hair,
like I mean the dude I it it's been a
fascinating experience because I've been
in these rooms now.
>> Um the guy does have like that kind of
um
>> president factor. No, I mean you tell
him when he's in the room. There are
various candidates that don't have that.
>> Is that important to have? Do you think
you need to have that IT factor and that
presence?
>> That it factor makes a big difference.
Um particularly now in this media
environment. It helps on the ground in
these states. It helps with social
media. It helps with all that stuff.
>> What do you think about Zoron Manni? Cuz
he clearly had the IT factor. He got so
many people just completely obsessed
with the idea of him winning the mayoral
election of New York.
>> I haven't seen someone capture a mayor
election like M Donnie.
>> His engagement just alone on Instagram
is insane. It's millions of likes.
>> Even Even people in LA were like, I wish
mom Donnie would come here. I've never
seen someone captivate a young audience
like him. What do you think of his rent
control policy slashfiscally
very liberal policy or fiscally
progressive policy I should say?
>> Um so Zor Zoron and I are friendly.
We've known each other for um a while.
Uh and he's young himself. It's one
reason why uh his stuff clicks online
because he's actually native to it.
>> Um so I Andrew Cuomo might have been 60
years old and Zoron might have been 35.
Um, so when you talk about who's going
to be using Instagram and Tik Tok and
right now that stuff is a a huge
advantage
u in terms of your ability to movement
build with these tools. Now Zoron's
policies
um some of them I don't like at all.
Some of them I, you know, like am very
very uh amendable to like do I do I like
the idea of um subsidizing child care
for uh for working families in New York?
Yeah, I I do. It's like childcare is
really expensive and if you can like
make it uh you know less of a burden,
great. You know, the probably means like
the parents will be able to get to work
more and like you don't have someone who
has to stay at home like that's a win. I
thought the government grocery stores
was a terrible idea. And so like you
know like I I I think he's backed away
from that one because enough people have
gone to him and been like yo man like
like that's dumb. Um, so there, um, and
you know, like I I think I wrote
something up to this effect trying to
differentiate between some of these
policies. Like I think free buses is a
really bad idea because there are folks
who are going to be really poor homeless
adjacent who are just going to use them
as moving shelters and then like the
workingass New Yorkers trying to get to
work will be like, "Yo, like this bus is
much worse than it was when I was paying
a couple bucks for it." So some of these
things uh you know we're going to we're
going to see like I I will say as
someone who spent time with Zoran he's a
smart dude he's adaptable and so if
something isn't working like he'll be
like hey this is this turns out it's not
working the way I want
>> sometimes what I feel is that you get a
person who has that it factor who is
just charismatic good with people
understands how to read someone knows
kind of what to say and has just I think
complete confidence you take that person
and then you apply certain policies to a
voting base that let's just say is like
52%. And let's just say in New York City
it's renters. As long as you could just
appeal to that 52%,
you're going to get voted in. Not
because the ideas are better, but just
because you you have appeased the the
52%.
>> Graham is a very strong proponent of
having some sort of like IQ test for
people to vote. Like Graham says that
like we should disqualify some of like
the uneducated
>> because sometimes you just throw out
ideas and I'm not saying you but I'm
just saying like people throw out ideas
that just sound great on paper but would
never work that don't actually apply but
they sound good and people who don't
know the difference just say yeah I want
that
>> like rent control
get upset
>> freeze the rent make grocery stores free
you may as well just say hey everyone
gets a Lamborghini a Lamborghini you
should never cost more than $15,000.
Everyone should have a Lambo. Everyone
should have a parking spot. And then
people say, "Wow, that sounds awesome."
But they don't think, "Okay, well, who's
going to pay for that? How's that
actually going to work?" But then they
get elected cuz they have every other
characteristic. More of what you're
describing is definitely going to happen
now. Um because we're in an age of
social media fueled charismatic uh
leaders and candidates and hundreds
maybe thousands of people saw what Zoran
did and were like oh my gosh like I have
to try and do that and now most people
are not as talented as him and there's
not going to be as much oxygen and a lot
of other races that are not the New York
City Maril which is sort of a sexy like
high visibility race but there are going
to be a lot of people cripping from his
playbook that are going to try and make
similar uh appeals. Yeah. So, I'm going
to make a prediction. Here's what I
think is going to happen. I think we've
swung so far into the realm of
capitalism that it's alienated 90% of
people that weren't able to get on that
roller coaster ride and participate. And
because of that, we're going to swing so
far to the other side that I think we're
going to see a similar person, if not
mom Donnie, running for president who is
going to significantly raise taxes,
stifle innovation, limit business,
implement wealth taxes. is I I think
it's going the so far in the opposite
direction because again the 90% of
people that weren't able to participate
in capitalism are now left behind and
the only thing they could do is let's go
for these 10% that have gotten ahead and
we deserve some of that and let's let's
tax out the wazoo and since we're not
going to cut social security, we're not
going to cut government spending, we're
not going to cut the national debt, the
only way out of it is to either print
more which impacts the 90% or it's to
tax the people at the top. That's what I
think
>> that is what I was trying to avoid when
I ran for president in 2020. And I would
say to very wealthy friends of mine in
Silicon Valley, guys, this is
enlightened self-interest because if you
don't make the system work for, you
know, like the bottom 80% or whatever
the number is, like the pendulum is
going to swing in a way that is really,
really bad for innovation. Um and so a
number of years ago around that time
frame actually um I was approached about
doing a TV show called the future of
with Andrew Yang future of
transportation future of healthcare and
they pul they market tested and said hey
Andrew bad news Americans don't like the
future you know and and so I was like
and they were like hey you tested well
but like future people are scared of it.
Um, and so my argument to my my friends
uh who are entrepreneurs and whatnot is
like guys, we have to make America as
optimistic about the future and they
feel like they're included in it or
they're going to turn on the system and
all the people that have been successful
within it and castigate everyone and
like that's what you have to avoid. So,
I'm not disagreeing with your
characterization of where the winds are
going to blow and where the pendulum's
going to swing because there's a lot of
frustration.
>> Yeah. I've spoken with a few really
wealthy people too who have said that
they want to start taking their money
out of the United States and setting up
accounts elsewhere or putting it in
gold, silver, certain other assets that
could easily be moved, Bitcoin because
they feel like at some point there's
going to be a substantial wealth tax or
a penalty for being successful saving
money. By the way, when I ran and even I
think like last month or whatever, I
think wealth taxes uh are a disaster
because um wealth is portable.
>> Yeah. You saw what happened in
California is wild. All the people that
left.
>> And and so I joke with people was like,
"Guys, you cannot think that rich people
are rancid Um but that they'll
stick around if you decide to like tax
it. It's like those two things don't
exist in conjunction." But it's but it's
but again but that goes back to my point
that it's popular that people uh the the
the the 90% that didn't participate.
It's easy to to have a scapegoat of like
this is the problem and it's a person or
it's this entity. It's this corporation.
They're the reason. And it's so easy to
explain. People grab grab their mind
around like oh it's oh it's that it's
that person. It's Jack.
>> Yeah. It it's one reason why I loved
what Michael Dell and um Ray Dalio and
his wife did with like the Trump
accounts where it's like super wealthy
people if you take the government out as
a middleman will they give billions of
dollars to poor kids
>> apparently. Yeah. Like they're more
interested in that than giving it to the
government who they think is going to
end up like you know wasting a certain
percent of it and like Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. It's like if I can just give it
straight to the kids and I know it's
getting to the kids I am down.
Yeah.
>> And that would that should be like the
the vision is you go around to people
and be like, "Look, I get it. You don't
trust the government to do it right, to
administer it. They're going to hire a
bunch of people, bloat, all sorts of
weirdness. Let's just get it straight to
the poor kids." You know, like then then
and then you could go to Americans and
be like, "See, like look, like there
there's like a real effort."
>> This is kind of a broad question, but on
the topic of progressive tax policy, how
much tax is too much?
I mean, I'm I'm a numbers guy where it's
like you want to uh you don't want to
discourage things that you want more of.
Um, so one of the things, by the way, I
I'm actually pro people working. Um, and
so having income taxes on people's jobs,
it's like in some ways like not very
smart. Like if you can find other ways
to get the money you need. Um, when
people ask me it's like, "Hey, Yang, how
do you want to fund a lot of things you
want to fund?" It's like look, do I
think there should be like an AI robots
compute tax? Like I do. Uh and some
people will be like, oh, you can't do
that because then we're going to lose to
China. It's like I do not. The CEO of
anthropic, Dario Amade said, look, we're
going to gut the the entry-le white
collar workforce. And when asked what we
should do, he said you should tax us. Um
and I agree with him. It's like like the
the AI competition with China in my mind
is going to be determined by a number of
things, but it's not going to be
determined by like the last 10 cents on
the dollar. You know what I mean?
>> Like if um and uh and again, you want to
avoid an environment where everyone's
turning on each other and and so I I
think Dario's making the right case.
Like I'm more interested in taxing that
than I am taxing labor cuz I like labor.
Like I like people going to work. I like
all that stuff. Um, you know, like my
joke was um, you know, when I was
running for president, it's like I don't
care what the town dentist is paying.
Like I care what um, you know, what AI
is
is paying.
>> Yeah. Are you going to run again for
president?
>> I know. I I say to folks like I'm almost
too young to um, uh, where
you know uh, like love this country
dearly. Like we'll probably run again.
Sure. I mean it it's
>> I think you're too young to do it. I
think you need to get like 40 more years
on you if you want
more years of experience.
>> Yeah.
>> When you're 80,
>> I'll be right there. Uh, you know, I I
will say I get asked all the time and
it's very encouraging. Um, you know, so
thank you to those of you who supported
me. If you didn't support me, you know,
again, you'll probably have another
chance at it.
>> And if you do run for president, it
would be amazing if then we could have
you back on the show. Also, also
>> I before and after.
>> I truly believe because we just had Rick
Caruso on the podcast and he's
>> really like Rick.
>> Yeah.
>> And we were telling him that everyone
runs their campaigns so poorly and
obviously during this last election
getting on podcasts and utilizing social
media in an effective way kind of
determined the election in a lot of
people's eyes. So, we're happy if you do
run for president, reach out to us and
we will 100% bounce any ideas back and
forth with you because we know like the
social media landscape very well.
>> Well, guys, I would love that. You will
be among the first people I call. Thank
you for that. That means a lot.
>> I would be so into this. We were talking
too uh before we even did a podcast with
Rick and I'm like, "Oh my gosh, if Rick
just does like XYZ and goes on this
podcast and does this thing and makes
these Tik Tok posts and posts this like
I'm like it's so easy to Yeah. I am
sorely disappointed that he did not
decide to run for
>> I thought I thought for sure. I was I
was uh thinking he would make a bid for
governor. I was so hoping that um I
don't know if I saw that post. It was
disappointing. I mean, I would love for
him to run because it's just like if he
could run California like he does the
Grove and his malls, he would be running
the whole state like Disneyland. You
would show up in California and it would
be like you thought it was in the movies
in the '9s with palm trees everywhere
and girls in bikinis running around and
everyone is a tan.
>> When when I sat with him, it really
seemed like he was going to run. So, I'm
I'm genuinely wondering what changed. I
mean, you guys probably got the same
vibe when you sat
>> 100%. Yeah, that message came out of the
blue.
>> Yeah. Well, Rick, not too late. You
could always change your mind. Um on on
my side, for your listeners, uh we're
offering three free months, our best
offer for frankly people who um follow
me. But it's noblemobile.com/yang
for 3 months off your wireless bill,
which would save the average American
household 250 bucks or so. Um, you guys
do awesome work trying to educate people
as to how they can uh, you know,
strengthen uh, their own futures. Uh,
and I'm thrilled that we've had this
long overdue conversation. I feel like
we should have done this a long time
ago.
>> I would have loved to. Last question I
have for you. In 2019, you made a series
of predictions. I want to say pretty
much all of those came true. What is
your prediction for 2026 and beyond?
>> Wow. Um, so I I did write a column 10
predictions for 2026. And so I'm like
thinking which one your people want to
hear about most right now.
>> Probably stocks, housing, AI.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That that it was those. I
think that uh the AI investment um
environment has gotten ahead of itself
and is overblown. Um so I I think we're
going to see a downdraft
uh over there. Um and two things can be
true at the same time. you could have a
bit of a bubble um in terms of
valuations and also have the underlying
reality u be real. Um so I'm old enough
to remember something called the.com
bubble. I don't know where where you
guys were at that point.
>> I was 11 years old.
>> Yeah.
>> And so uh this reminds me of that where
Pets.com and like all the dotcoms were
like we're going to take over the world
and they got ahead of themselves but
then the internet did change everything.
Yeah.
>> It just took a little bit longer and
some of the initial investors lost their
shirts. Um, I feel the same way about AI
right now where it's like AI is going to
change everything, but um, some of these
valuations are out of whack.
>> Does that mean to short the market or
does that mean that we could be going
>> to short AT&T because there's a new new
name in town, new boss in town?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Should that I mean, don't do
it for the dividend. They might have to
cut that thing. Um, so that the problem
in all of these stories is the timing
>> is that you just don't know how long
it's going to go on for. So, I, as you
can tell, am um pessimistic, but like
you know, like you can't figure out when
um to retrench. Um but I will say that
right now I'm
>> um fairly negative on some of the like
most famous companies in in the space.
>> One thing I will say before we wrap up
is that they were calling for a dot
bubble. 1997.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> 1998. Exactly. 1999. three and a half to
four years before it burst. They were
saying this is a bubble and it kept
going up higher. And what's funny is
that you see where they called it a
bubble and where it actually popped was
so much higher. Like you just see these
year-long green candlesticks and it's
like bubble at the very bottom and then
green candlestick and then green candle
and then big green candlestick and then
it pops.
>> You just can't know. So, if you had sold
out when they had first said it's a
bubble, even the place that it fell was
higher than the first bubble.
>> Completely agree. Cuz I was there.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and uh yeah, like you you didn't want
to get in the way of it. No.
>> Um but then when it it did pop, it
popped pretty hard.
It was um you know I had an anecdote
where I attended a launch party for a do
and then the closing down party um
within like 15 months of each other. I
mean th those things did happen um back
then and when I started Noble
VC said look if you just put AI in the
name and the thesis like I'll cut you a
check right now. Um, in a way I was
like, "Okay, I I sense a theme going
on." Um, so you know, you can take that
for what it's worth.
>> Cool.
>> Well, thank you so much for coming on
the Ice Coffee Hour. That was an amazing
conversation. Thank you guys so much for
watching. Of course, at the end of the
day, we would not be here if not for
you. How cool is this? Okay,
>> this is unreal.
>> So cool.
>> Yeah. If you had told me this in 2019, I
wouldn't have believed it.
>> No.
>> Oh, well, thanks guys. Really, I'll come
back anytime and keep listening to these
guys. They're very, very savvy.
>> Come to Vegas. Come see us there. Crap.
Yeah, we're going to have a freaking
party in Vegas.
>> If you guys want to go to the party, you
can hang out with us there. That'd be
great. Some sort of link in the
description. Till next time.
>> See you. By the way, if you enjoy this
episode, we just posted our next one
early for members. So, if you click the
join button, you could literally begin
watching our next episode right now.
Really hope you enjoy it.